Week 1
Formed group. Name is 3900W18BHighFive. Scrum master is Lucy. Scrum master set up Jira. Confirmed joined Jira.
Decided weekly meeting and standup schedule. In the weekly meeting, we decided on the project. Chose P13.
Informed mentors of project selection.

Week 2
Started proposal. In lab, allocated parts for proposal. I am in charge of 3a, which is the storyboards.
Will wait for user stories to be added to work on my part and will add user stories as well.
Further detail will be discussed in the meeting arranged outside of lab.

Week 3
Worked together with Offa on the storyboards. Contributed some user stories for user registration, metrics visualisation and
profile personalisation. I started off the storyboards for user registration and profile personalisation,
and then Offa extended on these and completed them to higher quality, then I worked mainly on the metrics visualisation.
I discussed with the team about approaches for presenting the metrics. Upon near completion of the storyboards, went through with
the team to address any concerns about the storyboards and made changes as needed. Once completed, the storyboards were added to
the proposal for submission. I helped to check formatting of the proposal.

Week 4
Discussed with Offa about functions needed for user registration by looking at the user stories and outlined some details,
e.g. factors for password strength, what happens when an account gets blocked (we decided that the user would need to recover their account).
Then we allocated tasks. I was in charge of login, logout and blocking the account after multiple login attempt failures.
Mostly worked on the logic of it while waiting for setup of the database to store user data.
Once the database is setup, would begin in earnest with functionality and making the routes for the server.
Also intend to set up the server using Python Flask.

Week 5
Worked on implementing user login functionality. Discussed with team about demo and presented demo in lab.
Worked on Retrospective A with the team.
Aiming to finish off rest of unfinished user registration functionality as soon as possible. Then will discuss
with Offa about framework and metric selection and discuss with Ruoxi as needed about database-related matters
for implementation.

Week 6
Ruoxi provided a script which populates the database with data so I took some time to look through the tables
and understand what each table contains.
Lucy pointed out some bugs to do with login functionality and also suggested adding an error message for missing
fields, so I worked on that. A bug was also found for the block account functionality but that will be placed at
lower priority to complete for now.
Main focus will be to discuss with Offa what needs to be done for metrics selection. I wrote down some tasks we may
need to do in order to achieve the functionality for metrics selection and will discuss with Offa and refine to proceed.

Week 7
Together with Offa, went through tasks that needed to be done for sprint 2. Went through user stories together with Offa and
created subtasks and allocated them between us. I would be doing getting the list of frameworks from the database, getting the
default metrics for a selected framework, calculating the new ESG score for a company after the user adjusts weighting and
selection of metrics and allow users be able to change the weighting of metrics.
However, after some review, it turned out that my task of getting the default metrics may overlap with Offa's task, in which case
it becomes unneeded.
In response to Lucy's request for additional returns of first and last name for login and register responses, I worked on those.
I also fixed the block account functionality and completed implementation of getting the list of frameworks.
Briefly discussed with Ruoxi some minor adjustments to the SQL scripts for better clarity of naming and to have more data added.

Week 8
Presented Demo B in lab. The day after, worked on Retrospective B with the team.
The team also allocated parts for the final report. I will work on the Installation/User document/manual.
I expect the workload for my part won't be too much, so I can help others with their parts as needed.
It turned out that my task of getting the default metrics did overlap with Offa's task, so I no longer worked on that
and worked on implementing calculation of ESG score based on the current selection of metrics.
In response to Lucy's request for easier handling of data for the frontend,
I worked on changing the return structure of the ESG data functionality that Offa had worked on. After confirming the
structure with Lucy, that was successfully merged.
I took a look at the Sprint 3 user stories and began noting down tasks to do.

Week 9
Discussed with Offa for tasks for Sprint 3 and Lucy helped to prioritise tasks. I was in charge of
portfolio related functions. Since Duong was working on the portfolio on the frontend, throughout my work,
I discussed with him the things I needed to do.
I implemented saving and deleting companies for the portfolio, and getting all
saved companies and relevant details for the portfolio. I discussed with Ruoxi about creating a new table
in the database in order to achieve these tasks.
I also worked on editing investment amount and comment for a company and clarified with Duong how to achieve this.
Another thing I worked on was calculating the ESG score of the portfolio.
I began working on the installation guide, however I will wait for the web app to be more complete before
I work on the user manual.

Week 10
Wrapped up the final functionalities, and finished implementing updating user details and password.
I also helped to make some adjustments in response to some matters the frontend needed.
Then discussed with the team structure and roles for final demo. Did a practice demo and finally presented in the lab.
Worked on cleaning up code and finalising documentation. Worked on finishing my part for the project report.