Week 1
Formed a group with Alyssa, Offa, Duong and Roxy. We chose project 13, ESG management system for FinTech industry as our project and are aiming to get a distinction. 
I decided to become the scrum master, and so am in charge of Jira and the overall progress of the team. 
We also made a discord server for communication, and are planning to have weekly meetings on Saturday afternoon. 


Week 2
Started the proposal. Allocated members to each part of the proposal during the Wednesday lab. 
I will be working on everything to do with the user stories and sprints, including uploading them to Jira. 
Also joined the github classroom and connected it to Jira as part of my scrum master responsibilities. 


Week 3
Finished off the proposal and submitted it. I made the sprint start and end times, created some user stories for sprint 1, 2 and 3
I made the first sprint start on Friday Week 3, so we are going to begin programming soon. 
During this sprint we will be implementing user registration and basic framework and metric selection. 

Week 4
Began working on sprint 1. Set up the frontend directory, and began implementing login and register pages. 
Set the tasks in jira to in progress.

Week 5
Finished implementing the frontend parts of sprint 1, linking frontend and backend and a bit of the dashboard. 
Didn't manage to implement everything we wanted to implement in sprint 1, so moved most of the metrics and framework functionality to sprint 2. 
Alyssa gave the progressive demo in our Wednesday lab session, and we discussed things to work on for sprint 2 on Thursday morning during our retrospective meeting. 
I suggested that we work on our time management, and implement strict times to complete tasks. 

Week 6
Finalised the implementation of registration/login in frontend. 
Worked on making child issues in Jira. 
Looked over metrics and frameworks and how to display them on the dashboard. 

Week 7
Implemented company search, company information and framework selection in frontend. 
Created a new route for company information, which will hold both the company information and esg data. 
Looked a bit into metrics selection, and how to display it on the webpage. 


Week 8
Suggested to Alyssa that the structure of the esg_data dictionary be change to make it easier for frontend. 
Began implementing metrics display and selection. 


Week 9
Finished implementing calculate new esg score. 
Began implementing changing weight of metrics and indicators. 

Week 10
Finished implementing changing weights of metrics and indicators and adding new metrics. 
Cleaned up some code on the frontend, changing where some functions were located in each component. 
Added comments to frontend code. 
Began and finished work on the functionality description part of the project report. 